asciidocs/Arbeitsstunden.adoc, before:

= Working Hours

== List of Working Hours

|===
| Date | Description | Duration (min) | Collaborator | Issue Number

| 16/04/2024 | Create Working Hours List | 15 | SaydamArda| https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/10[#10]
| 16/04/2024 | Setup Project Structure | 40 | SaydamArda| https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/4[#4] 
| 25/04/2024 | Worked on Mockup, Pflichtenheft | 40 | KurticAdemir | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/20[#20] https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/21[#21]
| 03/05/2024 | Worked on Frontend - adding List, working on structure | 120 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/16[#16]
| 08/05/2024 | Worked on setting up Database | 60 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/6[#6]
| 10/05/2024 | Worked on Backend - adding List, working on structure | 80 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/25[#25]
| 15/05/2024 | Implemented Database with sample data | 20 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/6[#6]
|===

Commit message:

feat: overworked Lists, Drag &Drop implemented

asciidocs/Arbeitsstunden.adoc, after:

= Working Hours

== List of Working Hours

|===
| Date | Description | Duration (min) | Collaborator | Issue Number

| 16/04/2024 | Create Working Hours List | 15 | SaydamArda| https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/10[#10]
| 16/04/2024 | Setup Project Structure | 40 | SaydamArda| https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/4[#4] 
| 25/04/2024 | Worked on Mockup, Pflichtenheft | 40 | KurticAdemir | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/20[#20] https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/21[#21]
| 03/05/2024 | Worked on Frontend - adding List, working on structure | 120 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/16[#16]
| 08/05/2024 | Worked on setting up Database | 60 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/6[#6]
| 10/05/2024 | Worked on Backend - adding List, working on structure | 80 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/25[#25]
| 18/05/2024 | Implemented Database with sample data | 20 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/6[#6]
| 20/05/2024 | Worked on Frontend and Backend - added Lists and Drag & Drop feature  | 120 | SaydamArda | https://github.com/2324-3bhif-teaching/Racemanagement/issues/27[#27]
|===
